the hard work of
looking through your code
base, figuring out what
needs to go where,
and you can template
all of that. Another
great reason to use
templates, another reason why
templates are so important,
you can, of course,
improve them. As you
scale up your work
and increase your size
KPI, your feature prompts
will likely get bigger
or they'll get more
precise, and that's great.
You'll be able to
solve more problems in
a better, more accurate
way over and over
and over, right? We
get this self-improving loop
inside of your code
base for your agents,
all right? And then
last but not least,
why are templates so
important? button, you get
to encode custom templates,